the fifth test of the territorial supercross championship of the
The Valencian community is celebrated in the municipality of Castellón de Almenara
the watchful eye of many spectators who came to the circuit to
observe first-hand
the evolutions of the competition to only one race for the completion
of the championship
In total there were more than forty registered distributed in all
categories
alevín 50
ale and 65 cubic centimeters
juveniles and cadets this x 1 and this x 2
as usual in this championship that takes place during the summer months
there were drivers who participate in other competitions especially in motocross
of the community
due to the high temperatures and as it has been done in the rest of the tests
the trainings would be disputed in the late afternoon and the races
from eleven o'clock at night
after passing the technical and administrative verifications serial
tuneup to workouts
the first to jump on the track were the drivers of this x 1 and the 6 of August
next, the smallest ones belonging to the
categories of fry 50 65 in juvenile cadets
once the training of all the enrollees was completed, it was the
shift for the race and the first to do so were the most
small of the juvenile category 50 cubic centimeters of the 12
some districts stood out since it was leading the general classification
provisional thus began the first sleeve
by francisco coronato
what uncle of the descent of the flag so you do not want for the 25 points
behind symbian jiménez villaescusa fernández and pisano who
they would exchange the positions with the passage of the turns
Cesar Fernandez who was marching fourth
he manages to place himself second to not let that position in what remained of
career
For his part, the Murcian Pablo Giménez has to settle for rabat third
well francisco coronato even more leader of the classification and wave the flag
Checked as pre-sorted
second was césar fernández and third pablo giménez
the second manga had the children
the protagonists in the first positions
the one that came out better was Cesar Fernandez who managed to lead the race
during the first round
but Corona did not want to miss the opportunity to be the champion and what
exceeded in the second turn
that way they would give him the rest of the manga
the one of the motoclub cost to the nucía was distanced of more models while
that Fernandez and Jiménez will die according to
and the third respectively
but in this second manga Javier Villaescusa did not want to be left out
of the positions of honor
and managed to overtake Jiminez to get third
despite running for several laps in that place the race finished with
the same pilots in the three boxes of the podium
first it was located francisco corona
second césar fernández
and third Pablo Giménez
after the two disputed rounds of this category of fry 50 centimeters
cubic this is how the joint classification was
the following ones in going out to the track were the participants of fry 65
cubic centimeters
it would also be the laps that would be played in the two legs of this
category
In total they were ponce the registered pilots and they would roll for the layout
of beacon to get the first positions
in the first sleeve it is expected it went very well and he distances himself from the rest of his
comrades will be around turn 5 had problems in heel tone
who was in second place was placed first to lead the manga
behind and / or Sanchez that after the fall of Catalan remains with the
second
in the square
thus they arrived until the end of the sleeve the one that García was first at least 11
seconds and sergio sánchez third
second sleeve returned to having pedals or the artist after overcoming the
problems of the first race
the one of barcelona returned to leave very well followed of antonio varas
and there Pablo Naert
the manga was easy enough for the first two who did not lose their
positions in all races
but not so paraná er in the seventh lap back
third step of the podium in favor of arnao sanchez
that's how the general classification in this category of fingerlings
65 cubic centimeters
the two sleeves of juveniles
in the first race bartolomé sánchez had no problems winning it
from the beginning to the end he led with a lot of authority
on the contrary the psoe
the third step of the podium were much more than a thousand
In the beginning, Alejandro Ocampo
he was placed second but in the first bars
with that valuable silver medal
francisco garcia del moto club
he knew how to wait for his chance
the beacon podium
he was on his side and lost the lead after the end of the race
Francisco García Lillo fought
first positions during the three laps that the sleeve lasted
the best of them was lópez ahead of bartolomé sánchez asked to look at the
the one of murcia was satisfied with him
world in this manga
the podium was francisco garcía
this is the joint classification for these pirates of youth and cadets
in the category of this system there were only four participants in the
semifinal but that for their quality and good piloting they knew how to give
next to all the people gathered there
juan ignacio tapia sources
they are part of it but finally
the mission took the cat to the water getting to win it
after several falls josé antonio samper entered second juan ignacio tapia
third
in this x 2 and concise
Carlos Fernández and Daniel Ávila once again demonstrated that they are
two of the best activity brokers in this specialty
during the two hours that it lasts until race will fight to obtain the
longed for first position
At the beginning of the race, Fernández was over the league
he had only three laps to go
Ávila got over it and placed himself
behind it rolled fabian benedito who endured third all the
career
after these two semifinals of both categories was played the grand final
open that would close this mountain
according to almenara
during the first laps the race was a bit crazy
fernando antero valle
the film by daniel ávila ruiz
but in the third turn Carlos Fernandez who had started very well what was going
rolling fourth I start overtaking all your rivals until you get
behind him he would still be there
last he did not understand anything
and to get up to the
lateral and life I wanted to continue
the heat that makes
finally the ranking
not only advance it mansilla
it also exceeds millions
after the dispute of this fx race about 10 buildings
that's how the classification will be
the last test of this season the supercross of the Valencian community
will travel to alicante concretely to virgin of the road
where the names of the champions of the categories that
they are still in the air